hello friends on our channel
question and background questions such that
the young man is in the process
obtain political asylum from him
assigned somewhere about the interview and he or
court but there is something so mean and lawyer
his says that even from the countries there on
the court will not slip through his permission
at night you can renew each
year he will have a work permit and
really because while people are in
process there they have not from day one but
in about a year, that's how they came
a work permit occurs but for now
they're not yet there is the process of
obtain political asylum and here it is
asks that's what he says here i want
come and study there let's say
test software
good and then I have to go look
work and that's when I'm going to look for work
will I have problems with that
I'm not green card is not nationality but
some strange such status some
work permit every year
need to sell and whether it will not hurt me
don't i take me away
network
I want to say that there is
still a legal aspect consisting in
that if there is a right to work then it
there is in the company in this sense not
finger of course if the whole company is there 2
human
the boss there thinks well his nafig there
it is not known what is there when
he may not be renewed next year and
so on then i mean let it
imagine but but in general it's a miser on
compared to the fact that basically nobody
will not pay attention is and is now
here's another moment depending on where
you are in the United
states there are places where people
non-frightened for example i will tell you that in
silicon valley mid 90s when from
Visa hiv water there give not yet been so
massive and many shy say well
his nafig we will not make him this
water or talked there we won't do
transfer or now the opposite is true for many
I didn’t want to open 1 1
so here it is specifically here with silicon
the valley
personnel departments are accustomed
absolutely my shot of him
the diversity of what are
work permits you absolutely nobody
surprise and nothing so here
for example, yes, I told you that
nothing to worry about
if you find yourself somewhere I don't know
even where I’m afraid with my finger here on the map
where are the people virgin such a game then that
this
Well, I don ` t know what to say
I suspect that there are no special problems either
will be to the extent that you have there
documents he roughly speaking conditionally with
print that is, he is official here
print no time cache and they will look or
There in extremely sound googling or its
the directory will look there I really do not know I
never met you had problems
never have a significant percentage of our
students here is in this situation
especially Russian-speaking students I'm not
seen in such problems never so
full speed ahead and can say and
essentially not to be afraid to do and not
fear and as if the truth is on your side
yes you have a legal right
let's it is worth it if you
the right to such a thing does not happen
it is one thing and when the right is completely legal
different and even more so if you are in a country where
it means right respected I remember
Palite words such anecdote old
soviet as all is worth
equal to titus spit and man out of turn
goes to recite mate us here turn
says nomia IDs will show
identity as i am entitled without
queues are rich but after all the whole queue
of those who have the right without turn these
In America, this is not supposed to get
so its and as a general rule
specifically you can run into all that
anything but you don't need there out of ten
interview 10 works wanna do is this the
interview there is one job per specific
point in time with this problem should not
be among